# FYP
Repo containing all the of the code used during my FYP

I won't provide a detailed description of what all the code does, hopefully the comments within the scripts will do that to a pretty good extent but I will give some knowledge on some of the key scripts and explain the folder structures.

The code from Ludovic folder contains code he originally gave me to start the project that was meant as a guide on how to code using COCO. I've left the folder in as it might be a good initial example although the actual code from the project should give all the information provided in this folder and more. Certainly once you're familiar with COCO and how it works then you won't need to concern yourself with this folder at all.

The Latest COCO toolbox folder contians just that, the latest COCO toolbox. This can be found at this link https://sourceforge.net/projects/cocotools/ . The version in their is the latest version as of 18/06/2024 which is from 26/10/23. The link here https://sourceforge.net/p/cocotools/wiki/installation/ explains what to do once you've installed the toolbox and how to setup your matlab filepath such that the toolbox is called correctly.

The My Code folder is where all the code that I wrote during my project is. It is split into 2 sub folders: Porpoising and Testing Stuff. Porpoising is where most of the interesting code is, the testing stuff one just has a few scripts used to inform some of the scipts in porpoising.

The best place to start in the porpoising folder is the quarter car model folder. This contains all of the code associated with the quarter car model. The coco_cont script is the main script that will run the COCO continuations of the model. Suspension is another key script that represents the actual system, so the equaitons of motion as well as the determination of the downforce acting on the model. All of the other scripts come off these two.

ConDiAeroModel is where the code for creating a downforce function for the full car model is. In this folder the DWFFloor script was the final function I was using to generate the polynomial coefficients that would be used in the full car model to determine the downforce generated by the model. The other scripts represent other versions of the modelling of the flow under the floor, they've been left in there for interests sake.

The full car model folder is much like the quarter car model folder, it contains all of the scripts related to actually running the COCO and time based simulations with coco_cont and Suspension scripts serving the same purposes.


The report code folder contains a bunch of scripts used to produce plots and information for the final report that I wrote, worth exploring and seeing the outputs it makes.